c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\bin\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.exe.config
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\bin\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.exe
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\bin\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.pdb
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.g.resources
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.exe
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyQuanCafe.pdb
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\Information.baml
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\Information.g.cs
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyBan.baml
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyNhanVien.baml
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyThucDon.baml
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\TroGiup.baml
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyBan.g.cs
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyNhanVien.g.cs
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\QuanLyThucDon.g.cs
c:\users\md_thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\TroGiup.g.cs
C:\Users\MD_Thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\ThongKe.baml
C:\Users\MD_Thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\ThongKe.g.cs
C:\Users\MD_Thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\ThongTinKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\MD_Thuy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyQuanCafe\QuanLyQuanCafe\obj\Debug\ThongTinKhachHang.g.cs
